Hello doctor, my mother caught a cold some time ago, I took the influenza Osiwei medicine, and then I had a cold and stomach. When I stood up, I would exhaust and snoring.It was uncomfortable in the afternoon. My mother said that I felt numb at my scalp, and it would be okay when I exhausted. After eating omeprazole, lactic acid bacteria tablets, oral collapse tablets, levofloxacin.Looking at the doctor the day before yesterday, the doctor gave Mosimeri and lactic acid bacteria tablets. The others were not eaten. After eating for 2 days, Moshibly and Lactic acid bacteria tablets were basically normal during the day.Today, there is a bit of pain in Sislara, but there is nothing uncomfortable to eat during the day. Do you think you need to continue taking medicine or change?(Female, 62 years old)
Is it a fever now?Are there any symptoms of colds?
there is none left.
It's half a month.
After a cold, the stomach was a bit uncomfortable, because after the flow of A, the stomach was uncomfortable for a while, and I didn't care. This has been serious recently.
After eating Mosari, the problem was not big during the day. After 4 pm, it started to be a little bloating. Slowly, it was a little worse. By 6 o'clock, it was uncomfortable.
Lying down, it is difficult to produce, and it will be much better to get up.
The digestive function will weaken after a cold!It may last for a while.How about sleeping now?
Sleep has always been bad. Recently, sleeping for sleeping pills in order to sleep well recently.
Will it be more comfortable if you sleep?
Doctor, did that Oasis Wei really affect the stomach?This time, it was also the child's flow of infection. After taking 3 days of Olympic, I had eaten Olympic.
Sleep, get up in the morning, it is very good in the afternoon.
There may be stimulation stimulation!But the main thing is to affect the cold!There was no uncomfortable gastrointestinal and intestines in the past?
Oh, this is not considered a malignant lesion in the stomach.
Whether there is a malignant lesion is not judged according to your symptoms!This requires gastroscopy.
Your symptoms are not specific.
Emotional sleep plays a lot.
Well, do you think you continue to take medicine for a few days and continue to observe, or you need to go to the highest gastroscopy as soon as possible.
You can eat some Daji and the whole intestine.
Adjust sleep and emotions.
Okay, is that Moma Bili still eaten?
If it improves, there is no need to do gastroscopy!Gastroscopy can choose by yourself.Don't use it first.
thank you.
You're welcome.
Doctors, why do you feel angry around the navel.
It doesn't feel obvious when you stand up and think.
The abdominal volume has become smaller.