I feel that the food is blocked in my chest and wants to vomit. Tonight vomiting is a bit bloody, (female, 43 years old)
Hello.How long has this situation?There are other symptoms?Is blood red dark red or brown? Is there a lot of amount?
It's 4 days.It just feels that the food is blocked in my heart. I spit some blood the day before yesterday. I just spit out a little bit. The blood was dark red.
Um.The problem is not big. Strong vomiting can be stimulated by mucous membranes and mild damage.It is recommended to take digestive tract dynamic medicine.Relieve the symptoms of blocking.
Last night, I saw the doctor who prescribed some medicines for digestion. After I vomited in the middle of the night, I felt a little loose today, but what should I do if I was worried about eating things and what to pay attention to?
Is there a beehopine or Moshabli?
What kind of medicine is there? Is there a mocoline or Moshali?
I do n’t know what medicine is equipped with the doctor, but it ’s just to help digestion medicine. I do n’t have n -n -nomin. Can I eat it?
It can be eaten, but it is not obvious to alleviate the symptoms.
Then go to the pharmacy to buy some mantarine.
What do I need to pay attention to?
"The stomach requires three points of medicine, seven points."First, quit bad living habits, stay away from tobacco and alcohol.Second, diet, on time, volume, quality 1, get up early for breakfast.Three meals daily on time should be regular. At the prescribed time, whether you are hungry or not hungry, you have to eat.2. Press the amount, that is, the three meals daily should be moderate. Don't eat more because of wanting to eat, don't want to eat it.Eat 7 minutes full.3. Pay attention to the quality of diet according to the quality.Avoid cold and hard, the temperature of the diet should be "not hot or cold".Eat less fried foods, eat less pickled food, eat more fruits and vegetables, etc. It is rich in vitamins.4. Participate in the right amount of physical exercise and strong physique.This is undoubtedly not only helpful to the maintenance of gastric disease.5. Keep your mental happiness and stability, avoid tension, anxiety, and anger.
Okay, thank you Dr. Liu.
Don't thank you, I wish you early recovery!If the evaluation is OK, please give "satisfaction", or you don't need to comment.(No reply)