If you eat something, your stomach hurts, diarrhea, dizziness, nausea, fatigue, sleepy, a week, what kind of medicine should you take?If you want your baby next month, it is best not to do too much side effects.Thank you doctor.(Female, 27 years old)
Hello, how long has this situation?
One week.
It is particularly serious in recent days.
The first two days were diarrhea, and the stool was not in shape.These days, I had a stomachache for about half an hour. I didn't hurt my stomach.
How was it caused at first?
My lover was diarrhea and pulled the water for a day, and then I started to diarrhea, suspecting that it was bad.
Such a doubt is food poisoning.
Is there any current anti -acid heart burning?Is there any stomach pain?
But he was fine for a day, just kept pulling, pulled more than ten times, and the next day he would not pull.But I lasted for a week, and it was disgusting, dizziness, and boring.Eat something with stomach pain.But eating this week is very paid attention to, and I didn't see it well.
Without acid, the stomach does not hurt very much, that is, the stomach is painful, diarrhea, and nausea.
How many times a day?Do you have abdominal pain every time?
It hurts after eating, and I want to go to the toilet when it hurts.
Four or five times.
This has something to do with gastrointestinal dysfunction.
Is there any medicine currently?
I ate some Huoxiang Zhengqi Pill yesterday without getting better.
At present, you can apply hot compresses, and you can also eat some mashed stone scattered and gathered to stop diarrhea.
The remaining drugs are not recommended for the time being.
I have diarrhea, fluoribacteric acid, intestines.
Is it suitable?
You can eat some intestines, which improves intestinal flora disorders.
Okay, thank you doctor.
You are not polite, I wish you early recovery.
The old man asked me to eat fluorosate.
Is it antibiotics?
Flobic acid is a ninosone antibiotics.
Not very easy.
It is not recommended to take pregnancy.
The Chinese medicine handle is a Chinese medicine. How long do you need to take.
Chinese medicine and western medicine are not recommended.
It has a certain impact on the body.
Montees are not absorbed in the body.
The intestinal raw improving intestinal flora disorders have little impact on the body.
Okay, thank you.
You're welcome.