Can chronic gastroenteritis recovery period Can I eat cheese (male, 15 years old)
Hello, eating in moderation is okay.
I am now recovering.
Still need to take medicine daily.
Just eat in moderation, is it?
Occasionally it is okay.
OK
What else do you need to pay attention to.
Pay attention to the diet, don't be cold, don't eat spicy.
Can fried rice be eaten?
Hot air.
Don't be too hot.Fried rice can be.
Ene about?
The doctor here said that he couldn't eat who I should listen to.
That must not work.Nothing can pass.
Can black glutinous rice be eaten?
This is not easy to digest, and occasionally eat a small amount.
What can you eat for good sugar water? It can help me get better.
It is not recommended to drink sugar water frequently,
Well, just ask him to put less oil when eating fried rice, right?
Can.
I take two medicines every day without the nausea before.
How long does it take to recover to exercise vigorously?
I want to enter the track and field team.
This is hard to say, because the condition is different, the physique is different,
How long does it take for us?
When can I exercise violently.
After the recovery, it can be exercised violently. Some patients will continue to develop more and more seriously, so you need to review it after review.
I take medicine every day, is it a recovery period?There is no kind of disgusting symptoms.
This needs to review the repair of gastric mucosa.
The local doctor said that I am wet.
This is a Chinese medicine saying.
Okay, how can you distinguish him in the recovery period?
Review is the best way.
Okay, I went to the sanitary station is not a large hospital.
As long as you can do gastroscopy.
It should not be done, it is private.
Local doctors said that there is no uncomfortable uncomfortable, so don't go to the re -examination, how long will I keep a light diet?
According to the condition, how did the doctor tell you at the time.
I didn't prescribe a medicine for me. After taking it, I would like to pay attention to my diet. Even if I was fine, I had to take that medicine.
What happened.
Is it not serious? This suggestion is best to consult a doctor who sees you a doctor. They know the most clearly.
Can beef fried rice be eaten?
Can be appropriate.
What about durian cake and the like.