80 Elderly people eat a little meal and say that they are full and they are always hungry (female, 76 years old)
Hello, how about the amount of meals?Is there too much exercise?
Hello, how long have you been like this?Is there a sense of fullness?
How long is it, is it all three meals?
After eating a small bowl for more than 2 years, my mother -in -law said that she would not be hungry in the morning to drink tea in the teahouse. Afternoon, I would go out to take a walk in the morning and drink some milk. Sometimes I do n’t eat at night.
Do you usually have any symptoms of discomfort? Do hiccups reflect the abdominal distension?Is the rules of stool?
My mother -in -law is more ill. Coronary heart disease hardened bone hyperplasia is irregular.
Is she due to the small amount of diet caused other discomfort in the abdominal digestive tract.
No.
Do you eat fruit snacks at other times?
Didn't eat much.
I ate cold diarrhea.
In addition to diarrhea, there are other symptoms when you don't eat cold food.
Nothing.
It doesn't matter.
How to let her eat more.
The elderly have a small diet, and at the same time, the gastrointestinal peristalsis function is poor, and eating food will be full.
Try to eat semi -liquid food at other times, snacks and the like, and fruits.
What snacks to buy?
Elderly oatmeal can also promote digestion for drinking.There are milk.Nutrient meals are fine.Try to eat as little meals as possible.
Another problem is that she squatted and sometimes couldn't get back.
Do you feel dizzy when you get up?
No.
How could it not get up.Is both lower limbs weak?
cramp.
Then consider that it does not rule out calcium deficiency.
Can supplement senile calcium tablets.At the same time, pay attention to potassium.
Can you say a name?
The amount of ionic potassium is low in diet.Calcium can.
What to buy for potassium.
You can buy potassium flavored, also known as citron acid potassium granules.
Okay, thank you.
Unkind!Sometimes the elderly are like a child. It is best to be patient and coax.Slowly it will be good.
Thank you.
Unkind!