The female is 37 years old, below her chest, and my stomach is painful. I wonder if it hurts. The pain is more painful. The pressing is slightly better.It hurts for a few minutes. I hurt for about more than ten days in January. I bought some stomach medicine and improved. Recently, I started to pain.(Female, 36 years old)
Except pain?Is there any other discomfort?Is there any overeating?What medicine do you take now?
There is no overeating, but there is no other symptoms.
Will there be problems with the liver?
I thought of eating a small Japanese pink pill, and painful things appeared later. Is this the reason?
What kind of medicine is this small powder ball?imported?
Um.
I ate one by my colleague.
I have never seen this imported drug, and it is not clear about its side effects. Here I can't answer it for you.
If constipation is constipated, it is recommended that you drink lactant sugar oral solution, with small side effects and suitable for the body of the people.
There is no constipation, clearing the stomach.
Then I have a bad stomach or liver, if I go to the hospital to hang that department.
Internal medicine, stomach and liver will be seen.
Are you convenient to go out during the epidemic?
Is there any symptoms of acid reflux, heart burning, diarrhea, and abdominal distension?
Oh, this sudden pain is not a symptom of some disease.
That is, the cause of the epidemic did not go to the hospital. Only pain without other symptoms. It seems that eating hot when pain is relieved.
Pain in the upper abdomen may be damaged or intestinal spasm of the abdominal organs.
Have you been to the hospital before seeing abdominal pain?What is the diagnosis?
Is the abdominal swellifier refer to the hepatic and gallbladder? If you have not been to the hospital, you do n’t care too much when you buy the stomach pain.
The upper abdomen is included: stomach, liver, gallbladder, pancreas, and duodenum.
Will it be more painful to do housework, activities or stems?
No, it just hurts suddenly, and it feels cold when it feels cold.
Is pain and eating?Pain before meals?Pain after meals?
It seems to be painful after meals, and I will get up in the morning. It is better to drink some warm water. I have eaten too much.
During the Chinese New Year, the increase in diet and increased meat can easily cause symptoms such as abdominal discomfort, abdominal distension, and pain.
You can change your diet and observe for two days. If the symptoms are not good, take the medicine.
Oh, it is also possible to not eat breakfast, two meals a day.
1. Avoid irritating foods such as excessive acidity, too spicy, and avoid cold and difficult to digest food.2. Diet quantity on time, eat more vitamin -rich foods, eat less pickled and barbecue foods.3. Stimulating drinks such as smoking and drinking, strong tea, coffee, etc.4. Careful use of drugs that are damaged to the gastric mucosa, such as aspirin and acetaminol.
OK, thanks!Can I continue to eat this?Change your diet first?
Don't eat it.Change your diet first.
OK, thanks.
Do you have other questions?
No, thank you for your confusion.
You're welcome.
OK