/What kind of medicine should I take?
Hello!I'm glad to answer it for you!
How long have you been in this case?
How many times a day?Is there any diarrhea?
In the twenty years of insomnia, at the beginning, I have a bad appetite. The stool is not shape, there are many menstrual periods, the five diarrhea, and the intestines. It is comfortable when the stool is finished. I checked the stomach sagging, and the gynecological examination of the uterus was also a bit prolapse.
Did you check if your colonoscopy?
No.
How many hours a day?What medicine do you eat?Insomnia.
What a few hours.
A series of doctors' diagnosis of spleen and stomach deficiency is focusing on regulating the spleen and stomach.
I can sleep for a few hours to sleep.You are very thin?
Of course, last year, there was a hundred pounds, and now more than 80 pounds.
Sleeping is particularly poor, sometimes there is no sleeping medicine all night, and I also took the medicine such as jujube kernels such as jujube kernels, but insomnia sleeps lightly, and I am old.
Did you watch the special insomnia department?
It is mainly caused by bad stomach and stomach. I remember that I had insomnia at first, and I used to affect the problems of poor stomach.
You may be caused by multiple reasons.It may be aggravated with each other.
Because there are too many symptoms, I suggest that you can be hospitalized.Are you taking Chinese medicine now?Is it effective?
Just open is insomnia, long -term insomnia, shallow sleep and dreams, and has not been treated. It has been harmed for the past few months. There is no sleepiness all night, and the stomach also begins with flatulence without appetite.
Uh-huh.Are you anxious?
Coupled with menopause, menstruation is not normal.
Anxiety, irritability, chest tightness, unclear uncomfortable, anyway, a trivial matter will get angry.
It is mainly because the stomach does not open insomnia, as if the vitality comes up, which causes obvious evidence.
Are you taking Chinese medicine?
In front of Zheng 30 Guancheng Hospital, some traditional Chinese medicine had insomnia and stomach.
Is it effective?
It has a little effect, the stool is formed, and the intestines are also light. What are you eating?
I consult why the stomach is not good after insomnia?
Various diseases have come since insomnia, is it first to treat insomnia or gastrointestinal?
Or at the same time?
Why don't you answer?
Are you busy?
I now have important jobs to be completed. After I finish the busy, I will reply to you immediately, and I will forgive me.
After the treatment of insomnia, the gastrointestinal tract will be relieved.
If you are anxious intestinal problems.
Because your stomach is not too big.
If you haven't done a colonoscopy.
And fear of severe intestinal lesions.
I think I can be hospitalized for a colonoscopy.
Because of many reasons for the intestines, it will cause.But your symptoms are serious.You can check it.