Male, 36 years old. Last year, he checked erosive gastritis and erosion duodenitis.Recently, there are blood in the stool in the anus. Occasionally occur for many years. After dinner, I have a lot of blood after stool, and there are blood clots after the stool.Always feel that there is a problem with the intestinal tract.I used to smoke and drink frequently (male, 35 years old)
Hello, I am glad to answer your questions!Stay a little, and answer you soon!Sometimes there are many outpatient patients, or they are limited by the outpatient network signal, which may be slow!You can also leave a message and answer!Thank you for understanding!
Is it painful or after the anal pain?
It was painful at the beginning, and sometimes itching and pain.
It hurts when the bowel movement is just.
Tearing.
You have committed hemorrhoids and anal fissures.
If you want to completely cure, you must surgery.
Below is a method of conservative treatment.
The bleeding is black after the stool, and it is relatively viscous.
It will not be a serious disease in the intestine.
The first step, take potassium permanganate and take a bath after the warm water is dissolved, 30 minutes each time, twice a day!In the second step, dry after taking the bath and apply iodine three times!The third step is to apply it with Ma Yinglong hemorrhoids twice.IntersectionThe fourth step is oral amoxicillin capsule, Yunnan Baiyao capsule, external anal security!In the fifth step, the pain will have to be capsules with great pain!Step 6, clean the anus with flowing water after each stool!
Mixed hemorrhoids have a large amount of bleeding, and this kind of stool will occur after rectal solidification!
oh.
It's not serious.
Is it used as a colonoscopy?
Are you ready to perform surgery?
It is best to be conservatively treated.
If you conservative treatment, you can do a colonoscopy first!
I'm afraid it will be the intestine.
This conservative treatment may recur quickly!
OK, colonoscopy is not very bitter.
A little rising.It doesn't hurt.
This is my gastroscopy, you can help.
You can take medicine for treatment.
In December last year, some medicines were prescribed.I did n’t take medicine after taking it. I have been controlling diet.
Gastroscopy is reviewed once in half a year.
Okay, thank you Dr. Zhang.
And my stomach hurts before my stool, so I was better.
This belongs to the characteristics of ulcerative rectitis.
The stool has not taken shape, and these two days have taken blood again.
It is recommended that you check your colonoscopy once.
good.
Then look at the case of hemorrhoids and anal fissures during colonoscopy.
It is necessary to surgery as much as possible.
You can check the hemorrhoids directly.
can be seen.
No need to do anal pointer.
There is no need to check with a colonoscopy.
Thanks a lot.
You're welcome.You can contact me at any time if you have any questions or other questions!
good.
Um.
You have to make an appointment in advance to make a colonoscopy.Or do you show the colonoscopy for the doctor?
Yes!You need to make an appointment for colonoscopy!No experts need to do colonoscopy!But you need to see the doctor of the Department of Medicine!