Doctor Zhang, hello!My man, 55 years old, wakes up in the middle of the night every day, and his mouth is suffering. It is accompanied by abdominal distension with the left abdomen. It has been half a year. At the end of last year, I was checked in the hospital at the end of last year.But I have had gastobucticobaus before and cured.Can you take a look at me (male, 53 years old)
Hello!Where is the specific location of the left abdomen?
Stomach.
Stomach (a little bit flat on the left and navels)
It is often itchy on the body, especially in the summer, the more itchy, but it has not left traces for several years.
Are you there.
Why not answer my question.
What do you mean.
I asked for a refund, I couldn't help it, I have changed the doctor, and retreat for 18 yuan.
Otherwise I will complain to you.
I'm really sorry for you!There are few doctors in the ward and there are many patients today.
Your situation is related to chronic gastritis and cholecystitis!
Itching of the skin is generally caused by allergic urticaria.
You can take citrate potassium granules and Yuejiao and pills for conditioning.
Or blow the gas to check the gastroscopy gastric pylori.
Pay attention to the combination of work and rest, do not be too tired; properly perform physical exercise to enhance your physique.Eating soft, digestible, nutritious and calorie foods.It is advisable to eat a small amount and supplement a variety of vitamins.Do not eat foods of raw, cold, greasy and polyovenas.Avoid tobacco, alcohol, spicy food.Keep your mood comfortable, avoid mental stimulation, and relieve various mental stress.
Thank you Dr. Zhang.
My pylori was checked normally.
You're welcome!Delay your time.
The gastroscopy test is also checked.
The gastroscopy has never been done.
It is recommended that you check the gastroscopy once.
OK
Or it is possible to check the meals once.
Thank you for your work for not resting for so late, and answering my question.
There are few doctors on holidays and can only be so!Thank you for your understanding.